docs: update link to traefik API (#175)
jupyterhub/traefik-proxy: docs/source/install.md

## Implementation details

1. **Traefik API**

>    traefik-proxy uses the [Traefik API](https://docs.traefik.io/configuration/api/) to monitor routes and configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   traefik-proxy uses the [Traefik API](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/operations/api/) to monitor routes and configurations.
```
https://docs.traefik.io/configuration/api/ currently doesn't exit
